Update storage.md (#579)
k3s-io/docs: docs/add-ons/storage.md

Reviewer: should we update these as well? 1.8.1 is from March 2025.

::: 

> K3s supports [Longhorn](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn), an open-source distributed block storage system for Kubernetes. To use it, you must first meet the [installation requirements](https://longhorn.io/docs/1.12.0/deploy/install/#installation-requirements) on every node in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: So we don't have to bump this versioning. 
```suggestion
K3s supports [Longhorn](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn), an open-source distributed block storage system for Kubernetes. To use it, you must first meet the [installation requirements](https://longhorn.io/docs/latest/deploy/install/#installation-requirements) on every node in your cluster.
```
